# Cardgame
This is a simple auto generated card game programmed using C. The user is propmeted to enter a valid integer greater than 0, once the program is run. After validating this user input, two linked lists are created, each with the user specified number of nodes. Each linked list represents a deck of cards for each of the two players, and each node represents a card. The nodes are dynamically allocated and added to the linked list in the order of strength determined by the value of the card(node), with the strongest card on the top. There are three types of cards, including attack, defend, and run. The attack cards are assigned a value between 1 and 5, while the defend cards are assigned a value between 3 and 8, and the run cards are assigned a value between 1 and 8 only to traverse the linked list. Once each player has a deck with a number of cards specified by the user, the game starts. Each player battle using the top card on the deck. The winner of each battle is determined by the type and value. If both players attack the higher value card holder wins, and if bith values are same, it's a tie and nothing happens. If both players defend, nothing happens regardless of value. When one player attacks and the other defends, defender wins if value is higher or equal to that of the attacker, while attacker wins only if the value higher. If a player plays a run type card, they lose the next card from the deck, and if both players run both lose their next card in the deck. The winner of each battle gets a new card which is added to the deck in the order based on strength. The loser of each battle loses their next card in the deck. The game continues until one player runs out of cards, making the player with cards the winner.
